SEP-24: Add `lang` field to GET /transactions and /transaction (#1191)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0024.md

`limit` | int | (optional) The response should contain at most `limit` transactions.
`kind` | string | (optional) The kind of transaction that is desired. Should be either `deposit` or `withdrawal`.
`paging_id` | string | (optional) The response should contain transactions starting prior to this ID (exclusive).

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Reviewer: @lijamie98 Thanks for opening this PR!

I tried pushing this new change to your branch but seems like I don't have permission. So I created this PR against your branch with a suggestion to update the `lang` definition in all places of Sep-24: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/1192

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Author: Thanks for pushing the PR to make all `lang` definition consistent. 👍  I had merged the #1192.

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Reviewer: @lijamie98 thanks Jamie, I think you also need to accept the 2 suggestions I've made to your original PR here

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Reviewer: Would you mind also adding the `lang` change to the Changelog at the bottom? Thanks!

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Reviewer: @lijamie98 sorry but I think the suggestion from this very comment has not been accepted(pushed) yet ☝️ (seems like only 1 of the suggestions has been accepted)

The PR change for line `666` is still using the old text: ``lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1).`

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Reviewer: it should read like this:
`lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [RFC 4646] which means it can also accept locale in the format `en-US`.

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1). 

Reviewer: @lijamie98 line `666` is still not updated

`id` | string | (optional) The id of the transaction.
`stellar_transaction_id` | (optional) string | The stellar transaction id of the transaction.
`external_transaction_id` | (optional) string | The external transaction id of the transaction.

> `lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lang` | string | (optional) Defaults to `en`. Language code specified using [RFC 4646](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4646) which means it can also accept locale in the format `en-US`.
```

Author: modified.

* Solar wallet: https://solarwallet.io

## Changelog

> * `v2.3.0`: Add `lang` field to GET `/transactions` and `/transaction`. Make `lang` field definition consistent. ([#1191](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/1191))

Reviewer 2: Suggest change to lead with the larger change, and be explicit about what is changing:
```suggestion
* `v2.3.0`: Change `lang` format from [ISO639-1] to [RFC4646] which is a superset of [ISO639-1]. Add `lang` field to GET `/transactions` and `/transaction`. ([#1191](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/1191))
```

Author: Changed.
